[CAS-1239] Feature - Improvement for mentions search (#2271)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: docusaurus/docs/Android/03-ui/04-components/07-message-input.mdx

![Custom suggestion item](../../assets/custom_suggestion_item.jpg)

## Changing Mention Search
It is possible to change the search method in the mention list. The default class: `DefaultUserLookupHandler` removes diacritics and uses levenstein distance to include similar words in the results.

```
val defaultUserLookupHandler = DefaultUserLookupHandler(users)
messageInputView.setUserLookupHandler(defaultUserLookupHandler)

```

### Transliteration

> You can add transliteration to `DefaultUserLookupHandler` by setting the desired id for transliteration. This class only supports transliteration prior to API 29 (Android Q) and it will not apply transliteration for APIs smaller than this. 

Reviewer: I would highlight the second sentence. Maybe we can use :::note

```
val defaultUserLookupHandler = DefaultUserLookupHandler(
    users,
    DefaultStreamTransliterator("Cyrl-Latn")
)
messageInputView.setUserLookupHandler(defaultUserLookupHandler)
```

> You can also use your own implementation of `StreamTransliterator` to add support for it. An interesting library is [ICU4J](https://unicode-org.github.io/icu/userguide/icu4j)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use your own implementation of `StreamTransliterator` to add support for lowers APIs. An interesting library is [ICU4J](https://unicode-org.github.io/icu/userguide/icu4j)
```
